anemometer.md, before:

Anemometer
==========

Commercially Available Systems (Cost Analysis)
==============================================

References
==========

[MLX90316 Rotary Position Sensor IC - $7 - Datasheet](https://www.mouser.com/datasheet/2/734/MLX90316-Datasheet-Melexis-953286.pdf)

[Dual-output 'no contact' rotary position sensor is ultra-slim $120](https://www.engineerlive.com/content/22512)

[Bourns Variable Resistor - $9](https://www.mouser.com/ProductDetail/Bourns/ESD1D-S00-GC0024L/?qs=CrTVAl0CcnKJsKzUk15nsA%3D%3D&gclid=EAIaIQobChMI7eCilvbH2gIVD8RkCh3SpgSjEAYYBiABEgK8QPD_BwE)

[Hackaday Search for 'anemometer'](https://hackaday.io/search?term=anemometer&page=4)

[Hackaday project - reed switch weathervane & anemometer](https://hackaday.io/project/1878-modular-weather-station)

[Hackaday project - reed switch weathervane & anemometer](http://diy-scib.org/Project/weather-station)

[Arduino GPRS IOT Weather Station](https://hackaday.io/project/21210/logs)

[Green Powered Sailboat - Anemometer](https://hackaday.io/project/10652-green-powered-sailboat/log/49500-anemometer)

[Anemometer Calculations = Climate & Environment Monitoring Station](https://hackaday.io/project/18838-climate-environment-monitoring-station/log/53654-anemometer-calculations)

Commit message:

Updates system design documentation.  Adds info on an off-the-shelf anemometer part

anemometer.md, after:

Anemometer
==========

Commercially Available Systems (Cost Analysis)
==============================================

[Anemometer Wind Speed Sensor w/Analog Voltage Output](https://www.adafruit.com/product/1733?gclid=EAIaIQobChMIpbatzKO42wIVj8BkCh1LbglXEAQYASABEgKR1fD_BwE)

$45 anemometer + $10 cables is the current solution for the open-iot-weatherstation project.  Is there a cheaper option?  home-built?

References
==========

[MLX90316 Rotary Position Sensor IC - $7 - Datasheet](https://www.mouser.com/datasheet/2/734/MLX90316-Datasheet-Melexis-953286.pdf)

[Dual-output 'no contact' rotary position sensor is ultra-slim $120](https://www.engineerlive.com/content/22512)

[Bourns Variable Resistor - $9](https://www.mouser.com/ProductDetail/Bourns/ESD1D-S00-GC0024L/?qs=CrTVAl0CcnKJsKzUk15nsA%3D%3D&gclid=EAIaIQobChMI7eCilvbH2gIVD8RkCh3SpgSjEAYYBiABEgK8QPD_BwE)

[Hackaday Search for 'anemometer'](https://hackaday.io/search?term=anemometer&page=4)

[Hackaday project - reed switch weathervane & anemometer](https://hackaday.io/project/1878-modular-weather-station)

[Hackaday project - reed switch weathervane & anemometer](http://diy-scib.org/Project/weather-station)

[Arduino GPRS IOT Weather Station](https://hackaday.io/project/21210/logs)

[Green Powered Sailboat - Anemometer](https://hackaday.io/project/10652-green-powered-sailboat/log/49500-anemometer)

[Anemometer Calculations = Climate & Environment Monitoring Station](https://hackaday.io/project/18838-climate-environment-monitoring-station/log/53654-anemometer-calculations)
